
Q) Please explain you project day to day activities
A) 1. In my current project we are following agile methodology. Also we are following 2 weeks sprint duration.	
   2. In my current project we have Sprint planning session, and Sprint Review session and Daily Stand up meeting.
   3. In Sprint planning session our team will discuss about the number of tasks about next development version.
      In the planning session we will provide the estimations for each task.
   4. Once the planning session is completed then team will work on the number of tasks which is assigned in the 
	sprint planning session
   5. We have daily stand up meetings. In that meetings we need to discuss about current task. In case if somebody
      have blocker about the task we can discuss in the Daily Standup Meeting.
   6. In my current project we have scrum master. He is responsible for collaborating the team and getting inputs
      from each and every team member.
   7. In case if someone not completed the task in the 2 weeks sprint duration then we will move the task into backlog.
   8. When we are pushing the ticket into backlog section you need to give proper reason or proper explanation about
      the task.
   9. Once task completed we have review session with product owner. In the review session if the task is accepted by
      product owner then we can close the ticket.
      Example: If the product owner provided some review comments about the task then we need to work on the review 
               comments
   10. Once the current sprint is completed then we will move into next sprint.
   11. In my current project we are using AZUREBOARDS for ticketing system tool or JIRA service now we can use.
   
    PROJECT DOMAIN
---------------------------

  1. Currently we have different different domains in the project. They are below

   a) Banking domain   b) Retail domain   c) Ecommerce domain  d) Health care domain   e) Insurance domain
   f) Telecom domain   g) internal product i) Stores or Supermarket domain

   APPLICATION DETAILS
 -------------------------

  1. In my current project we are using JAVA front end and backend applications.
  2. My development team develop source code and we are providing the proper branching strategy for developers.
  3. In my current project we are using GITHUB repository as a version control system tool. Here we are 
      maintaining development branch, release branch, bug fixing branch. 

  Roles and responsibilities
----------------------------------

   1. I am responsible for build and deployment activities using jenkins CI CD Pipeline and taking care infrastructure as a code
   2. For example, if developer requires any build and deployment into lower environments (develop environemnt and UAT environment)
       i used to support developer
  3. Also responsible for creating cloud resources using Terraform. Example: if the developer required 2 EC2, 1 Azure AKS Clusters,
       2 user creation in AWS, 2 storage accounts in Azure, etc, these kind of requests we create using terra form
  4. In my current applicaiton i am working on monitoring also. In case any notification i got from AWS Cloud about server CPU Utilization
      or memory issue then i used to responsible for working on monitoring part 
   5. In case developer required any configuration activities then i used to write ansible playbooks and performing the testing on servers
   6. in my current application we are using micro service based architecure, for containers we are using docker, for orchestration we are 
      using kubernetes. Here my responsible are mananging kubernetes deployment using jenkins pipeline or deploying the pipeline using Azure
      devops pipeline.
   7. In my current application we are following agile methodology. we have the production release on every 2 weeks sprint 
   8. In the 2 weeks sprint, developer will develop the code and they will commit the code into GITHUB and after that we are performing build
       and deployment into lower environments (dev and UAT)
   9. In case if there is no bugs in dev and UAT environments then we will raise a approval ticket in the ticketing system tool azure boards. Once
     client approved the request then we will plan production activity on every two weeks.
   10. Apart from these regular activities i used to work on documentation part also. In case any new issue happen then i should create the documentation
       and i should send in to team.